# GeoPedia
This repo serves as the repository of the CSCE 2501 Fundamentals of Database Systems taught at the American University in Cairo at Fall 2021 and performed by me Youssef Hussien. 
Project Description: 

  In this project, you will be building a world geopedia, that allows users to get useful geographical, economical, and political information about all countries in the world in a structured form.  One of the sites that provide such information is Wikipedia, which has a wealth of information about all the countries in the world. However, the website allows for viewing the information on a single country or a single city of interest at a time, which make it hard to draw any analytics or gross reporting on a global scale.  

  Your task will to build a database system backend and an application that provide the regional and global analytics and features described next.  The database system you design should be based on the information provided on each country and its corresponding capital city listed on Wikipedia (e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egypt)  Your database design should store the following information about each country: Basic: name, official languages, population, driving side, calling code, and timezone Geographical: continent, capital, area (km2), and water percentage  Political: capital, legislature, president / monarch, and HDI (human development index) Economical: currency, GDP (Purchase Power), GDP (nominal), and Gini Index  For each president / monarch, you need to store his/her name, birthdate, the date he/she assumed office, and his/her political party. You also need to store information about capital city for each country, including its name, population, area / metro area, governor, and coordinates. The system should also allow users to store their travel history for different countries, through registering on the system using their email addresses, and pick a username, gender, age, and birthdate. After registering, the users can add their travels for any country, providing their travel dates, their rating of the visits (1-10) and a textual review.
